Improved docs (#21)
lsd-ucsc/ChoRus: chorus_book/src/guide-locations.md

let name = Alice::name();
assert_eq!(name, "Alice");
```

## Location Set

> Each Choreography is allowed to operate on a set of `ChoreographyLocation`, called its `LocationSet`. You can use the macro `LocationSet!` and give it a comma separated list of `ChoreographyLocation` to build a `LocationSet`.

Reviewer: I wonder if we need to mention "choreography" here as the readers don't know what it is at this point. Can we just explain what a location set is without talking about choreography or projector?

## Location Set

> A `LocationSet` is a set of `ChoreographyLocation` values. It's primarily used to ensure type safety within the system, and you'll see its application in future sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `LocationSet` is a special type representing a set of `ChoreographyLocation` types. It's used to ensure type safety within the system, and you'll see its application in future sections.
```
